How can I send him a message?
Is he calling to apologize to me?
President, I have checked, there should be no typo, right?
President, I have checked the doctor's next pen
His name is Sang Chen
He's a psychiatrist.
After graduation, I went to Union Hospital
And he and Miss Shu should have known each other for a few years
It's time.
So you're trying to tell me about their relationship?
I really don't understand.
I dare not drive a sports car.
But Miss Shu often goes to the hospital to find him
Try the data.
The nurse said what about Sang Chen?
Often take advantage of work hours
Go to the back garden of the hospital with Miss Shu
So he didn't bring it in the senior room.
I'll call and ask myself
Hello, the phone you dialed is turned off.
president
See if you called back.
Nope.
Won't go to the back garden again
No, I'll take a look.